Highlight a gotcha when sending OTLP data to hostPort (#6651)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/security/config-best-practices.md

        fieldPath: status.hostIP
```

> However when sending OTLP data to `hostPort` this way, the default configuration of 
> [`k8sattributes` processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/k8sattributesprocessor) 
> prevents enriching pod OTLP data with k8s metadata (i.e. will not attach k8s.pod.name, 
> k8s.namespace.name, etc.). If Pod association rules are not configured for `k8sattributes`
> processor, resources are associated with metadata only by connection's IP Address. 
> Unfortunatelly sending via `hostPort` means that the Collector sees this connection
> as coming from the node and is unable to associate the pod with incoming OTLP data
> in its default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending OTLP data to `hostPort` using this method, the default configuration of
the [`k8sattributes` processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/k8sattributesprocessor) 
prevents enriching pod OTLP data with k8s metadata. For example, the k8s.pod.name and
the k8s.namespace.name attributes won't be included. If pod association rules aren't 
configured for the `k8sattributes` processor, resources are associated with metadata only
by connection's IP Address.  This happens because the Collector sees this connection
as coming from the node and is unable to associate the pod with incoming OTLP data.
```
